Add handling SIGTERM to go tracer example (APMSP-1534) (#26529)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/library_config/go.md

    // When the tracer is stopped, it will flush everything it has to the Datadog Agent before quitting.
    // Make sure this line stays in your main function.
    defer tracer.Stop()

>   	// If you expect your application to be shutdown via SIGTERM (e.g. a container in k8s)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  	// If you expect your application to be shut down by SIGTERM (for example, a container in Kubernetes),
```

>   	// You likely want to listen for that signal and explicitly stop the tracer to ensure no data is lost

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  	// you might want to listen for that signal and explicitly stop the tracer to ensure no data is lost
```
